improve docs for attaching evaluator to dataset (#837)
langchain-ai/langsmith-docs: docs/evaluation/how_to_guides/bind_evaluator_to_dataset.mdx

sidebar_position: 2
---

# Automatically run evaluators on experiments

> While you can specify evaluators to grade the results of your experiments programmatically (see [this guide](./evaluate_llm_application) for more information), you can also bind evaluators to a dataset in the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can grade your experiment results in two ways: **programmatically**, by specifying evaluators in your code (see [this guide](./evaluate_llm_application) for details) or you can **automatically run evaluators** defined in the UI. By binding evaluators to a dataset in the UI, they'll automatically run on your experiments. These UI-configured evaluators complement any you've set up via the SDK. We support both LLM-based and custom Python code evaluators.
```

When you configure an evaluator for a dataset, it will only affect the experiment runs that are created after the evaluator is configured. It will not affect the evaluation of experiment runs that were created before the evaluator was configured.
:::

1. **Navigate to the dataset details page** by clicking **Datasets and Experiments** in the sidebar and selecting the dataset you want to configure the evaluator for.
2. **Click on the `+ Evaluator` button** to add an evaluator to the dataset. This will open a pane you can use to configure the evaluator.

The next steps vary based on the evaluator type.

## LLM as a judge evaluators

[See this page for instructions on setting up an LLM-as-a-judge evaluator](./llm_as_judge?mode=ui#customize-your-llm-as-a-judge-evaluator)

> Once you have saved your new evaluator, **subsequent** experiment run from the dataset will now be evaluated by the evaluator you configured. Note that in the below image, each run in the experiment has a "correctness" score.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have created an evaluator, **subsequent** experiments on that dataset will be automatically graded by the evaluator(s) you configured.
```
